okay we are now recording this is the
package managers weekly st. December
12th 2019 because you can start with IPS
adine the MU button there we go alright
ah landed the pub/sub router PR so we
are like we can basically call this
quits after Lee land the NSP are in to
go IP of us which is there it's a review
I will rebase it on the updating go mod
PR thing after we hit the merge button
on that one because yeah dependency
shenanigans otherwise like looking
looking like we can go use a thing okay
jerk it's yeah so Stephen made proposal
for ending the gap flux API so the
moment it takes an array of C IDs when
the idea to second channel just makes it
easy to request a lot of a lot of horns
um without like spawning a bunch of
Guardians so I didn't you might want to
have a look at that mmm-hmm I was like
like he looks as well and then the
meantime I'm looking at implementing all
these pretty concept changes I've been
making in jsbin swaps I was thinking
like how to go about that in a way that
doesn't create a giant PR so I can do it
in steps sounds good
is it possible to do the server-side
changes first yeah definitely yeah
excellent uh UNIX fests people point
five
Alex so the changes I've made a bubbling
up to the top layer present moment so
that means writing interface tests that
will allow us to assess the HTTP
interface and UCLA in today's
performance only these cool returns in
the same way I got a bit sidetracked
because the interface test on fire
because like most things and the jeff's
ecosystem at moment everything is being
refracted from top to bottom and yeah
Pedro just needed a better help to just
you know land some of those changes
they're all in now which is great then I
spend the day roaring interface tests
and they should hopefully be in a state
to get measure next question are you
willing to go on and make it happening
codex this is the plan okay okay yeah I
was in prime delivery for the go is
actually it was designed to be a very
simple language but works okay add
performance pr's are murdered - except
for the last one
so yeah basically that okay I guess also
just some news that for funds I ran I
ran it with like the latest version on
my UNIX machine and it is it is running
like three times faster than it did
before so yeah okay yeah no I just tried
it with sinks April today I was like
yeah that's a lot faster it's like it's
still I think twice as slow as they're
adding like just copying from like
random or W random but
well that I think that might just be
because you're copying from you have to
read and write on the same disk yes it
may have an effect yeah maybe that um
because I tried it I compared it to copy
paste and it was like for 40 gigs that
was like eight minutes to copy paste and
nine minutes with IP MSI okay excellent
what were you doing in our disk or are
you doing it on SSDs hard disk okay you
know let's ring an SSD and it was still
only like to explore but yeah I was
doing from the same device I could try
it from a different place well no but
okay so GSM facade performance I Brooks
out dis everything because it's really a
separate initiative Alex and who you're
working on something about this yeah
mister yeah so that's being much joy now
that looks like an empty
yes of the flags have been merged in
safety to be fine and I'll just update
the pr2 chariots itself to pull those
flags in as well let's see after by
default yeah this kind of locked
basically it turns out that okay there's
a new person Patrick better too
I looked through the list and there a
couple of very scary issues so I'd
rather not update right now my concern
is if we go ahead and like just shift
badge or one right now then we're gonna
kinda be stuck on an old unsupported
version until about a few stabilizes and
then we'll have to do a disk like
radiator migration we could you just do
that and say screw it we'll just switch
to a day or two and then do another
recreation later or sorry we could
release badger to is the default and say
look using flat FS don't bother
migrating otherwise for knew it was you
badger one which one is he fault use
measure one but I really don't want to
force people to like or force people
unstable to do like two migrations like
stables latest latest so and reporting
to a badger one and Badger two at the
same time I have technically possible we
can look into that so I
what to do here if we can support but I
don't wanna better students it's not as
you looking after one and like our
convenience okay
content based research improvements so
still in the process of actually
figuring out what exactly we want to do
here because there is unbelievably much
written on the subject already and I am
still discovering things that I haven't
seen before
in terms of you know Peter is like
heaven Hamilton across I also spoke up
to a bunch of different people with what
their expectations are from a cat in
Trenton and what use cases they have in
mind and all of this is still working in
my head with a whole bunch of posted was
here behind that I am hoping to
solidifying to document here's what we
are actually trying to achieve I have it
ready by tomorrow ish or literacy that's
that's good
see I offer to take put this best I can
every time currently in this one so an
act weeks
I forgot I may be in a bit slower
nobody's I actually haven't committed
anything yet it's it's okay
whenever you said that you gonna do
something by tomorrow like well I'm
actually going to take a bunch of people
in this because I will need to input
from pretty much every working group
stakeholder anyway so try to leverage Oh
ideally Erica's like she can yeah okay
wasted waste to our so pissed Emily
yesterday excellent
fixa DHT sorry I just added this into
last minute and I see a teen is rapidly
feeling it because the it gives first
off the skin close to being purged so
we're starting up with the actual goal
this Porter if to fix the DHT
well the race fixer making test
groundwork enough to actually determine
if we fix the HD yeah so I just like
trying to figure out like biggest
priority of things and and what is the
right set the four things that I have
listed there are all asked me to help
our schlund the being able to like
persist your pierced or to disk kind of
thing so that we can we don't need to
hit the bootstrap nodes every time yep
then there's these two pr's of let me
search instead of the whole DHT just one
part of it and then the other half of
that which is like actually keep
searching until the end of that part
instead of giving up and then there's
also this like maybe use multi hashes
instead of C ideas so that the CID v1
stuff this is super sad and so I guess
the question is like what is the right
way to prioritize my time here well so
the hash thing easy or is it am I like
deluding myself I think you're actually
right I think like just switching to it
it's better pretty straightforward the
concern is that it will kind of break it
like Rhonda for everything
because we you see itv1 for like pub/sub
rendezvous so like you look right
easiest right networks yeah but it's not
the end of the world because like you
kind of need to find a one node and got
it batoost worms they eventually find
each other then they should like slowly
emerge in theory maybe I don't know with
the epi sub stuff they should or the
gossip someone not one stuff they should
yeah so yeah it may cause some problems
with effectively like you know protocols
are still experimental technically but I
don't think they'll be like terrible
problems and we also don't
oh no I should we just merged the whole
rendezvous stuff
this is previously done in good profess
itself
I hope it's dropping I can yeah last we
spoke okay yeah although one in pub/sub
router but now it's done in pub some
yeah okay yeah I think it's better just
a break this now like ideally before the
release so yeah like your point there
about look just why don't we just not
change the interfaces just like make it
happen is correct like we can just
totally basically use multi hashes right
now inside the system and then just I've
changed and if it to fix the interfacing
leader and if we do the right now then
like we we basically future-proof us we
don't do this in the future
Alex you're the only one here who might
possibly have an idea of how javascript
does this but javascript does content
routing sort of it does it does it use
the mole cache where it doesn't use see
IDs good question I'm just gonna look
low okay so I think actually JavaScript
party does it already uses the IDs or if
there's like our use multi hashes and if
it doesn't we should just change that I
don't think the DFC is not really
functional so it should be that big of
an issue because I think if a node asks
another note you delicate routing go
will just do whatever snow does so
should okay so yeah I would in terms of
priorities I would look at like I look
okay
ideally just landing the landing arches
PR first would actually come nice now
we're just prior to his review that so
we can land something that's already
there and it is something kind of wander
for a while the IDS agency ideas okay we
need to change that a could you file
issue somewhere if possible thank you
yeah okay so yeah I'll in our sister our
first just because I know he owns it
does take you much time it takes too
much time like if it's like we find
scientists that we have to go back we
doesn't figure out like
don't it's it's not the highest priority
after that I really feel that um - like
fixing to an eye is kind of a high
priority because I thought that's going
to be important for actually fix in ADHD
isn't the whole the fix in the query
logic itself yeah it's going to
important
2:04 is incorrect so they careful about
that one it's not the correct
implementation of paths but yeah
basically like adding to adding the
features that we're trying to a four-hit
to do or to a nine it's probably a good
next step the Malthouse fix like if you
can just turn the app just like make it
happen which should be possible just
submit an action we'll just like quickly
run a Bible and accept it
I don't see why or would reject because
it's mostly a ninety Fest issue but yeah
like that's like that's kind of like a
like don't make it a high priority but
just kind of like do it if you can find
a time slot and a mind doing all these
changes on top of master or stabilize
master yeah well so okay the the
persistent pierced or do it on master
the other one do is I'll stabilize will
have to somehow eventually emerge master
in stabilize but that'll be a more
complicated thing but like we're gonna
be doing a list of our testing on the
stabilized ranch so basically like I
said like the the prism pure sort of
stuff is stable enough here's I
shouldn't like affect the network so if
you be able to merge that to master and
the Green Bay stabilized on master or
immersed master in stabilized which blue
John sometimes the best okay okay so
network things to stabilize other things
Master will get all later yeah and then
well ideally merge back into Steve wise
this is a few tons a couple times yeah
yeah and then eventually will repay
stable has a master treaty or involves
merge commits that merger Beckett okay
sorry it's just I started it's late
could someone created a zoom meeting
room for this meeting if someone here
understands tombs or even better is
anyone in this room like interested in
running this meeting because I
always like I like to start it on time
phurba someone in your time zone it's
less generic I know me more the meetings
right hmm what's up like how many more
of these meetings are we gonna have
because it's now December yeah you're
right well I guess the minute you can
get leave branded or something no yeah
okay we're probably going to like make a
some kind of well either ago meeting or
just like make the core plantation
speeding the for quotations meeting
yeah is basically one more of these on
17th if anyone actually shows up to it
okay if I never mind for Anthes we'll
just do this in my room again next time
and then we'll figure it out later okay
thank you all sorry for being late again
that is it